Adding provision-with explanation on utilities page (#177)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/varyingvagrantvagrants.org: docs/en-US/utilities.md

The name of the subfolder maps directly on to what is put in `vvv-custom.yml`. VVV will run the `provision.sh` file, at which point it can do as it pleases. This could be installing a package via `apt-get` or something else. Other files can be included in these folders for `provision.sh` to make use of.

## Utility Provisioning

It's possible to provision a single utility on its own, without provisioning the whole of VVV using the `--provision-with` parameter of vagrant.  

> As an example from the `config.yml` above we can run `vagrant provision --provision-with="utility-core-php56"` to provision only the PHP 5.6 utility.

Reviewer: One thing. This won't work if we don't push the config.yml file.

Eg: when needing to install a new PHP version.

Author: Do you mean that we need to specify that before to execute that command is required to update the config file?

Reviewer 2: if you don't add PHP 5.6 as a utility to install in `config.yml` then this command won't work. There is no provisioner by that name in that scenario.

Author: well we are talking about the example f of the config file in that page, so I don't know if we need to add something in the doc.

The name of the subfolder maps directly on to what is put in `vvv-custom.yml`. VVV will run the `provision.sh` file, at which point it can do as it pleases. This could be installing a package via `apt-get` or something else. Other files can be included in these folders for `provision.sh` to make use of.

## Utility Provisioning

> It is possible to run a provision of an utility without run the whole VVV provision using a Vagrant command.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's possible to provision a single utility on its own, without provisioning the whole of VVV using the `--provision-with` parameter of vagrant.  
```

> As example from the config.yml above `vagrant reload --provision-with=utility-core-php56`, where we are specifying the utility repo and the utility name.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example from the `config.yml` above we can run `vagrant provision --provision-with="utility-core-php56"` to provision only the PHP 5.6 utility.
```

> This is helpful during the development or just to install/update a specific utility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> To work this command require that the utility is enabled in the `config.yml` file, it won't add it automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To work this command requires that the utility is enabled in the `config.yml` file, it won't add it automatically.
```
